ah
let's see i watch the magic 97 couple of
his videos I think it was like we have
comment that is left on some fun
we're talking about
like speeds being on the infant fears
about nelson quick I said they did 50
cent immune 6 gear like everywhere they
went you know a little bit of a hold of
one to his little channel and I found
that he got an f4i congratulations buddy
whoa welcome to 6-under class
it's a great feeling isn't it
hope you're treating the bike well you
know it's treating you well
well again I was watching other video of
yours you said that you're looking into
a new
new site to the Future in like next year
I guess I don't know why you would with
you just at that bike and you also
talked about
you and YouTube
I was also one of the last people to
change it and
not because I wanted to YouTube is
radically designed to change it all
every one
I got to get over
get up Morgan
yeah I don't like the YouTube
I we think they also have to
using whether you like the old one or
the new one
whether you want to stick with one or
the other I just think it's too much
like we're too little maybe
I didn't say it is it that's why you to
work me to change it
and there might be traffic up ahead
we gotta watch out for that
so some more video what do people slow
down when they merge
the same speed as you guys
okay well I'm going to get past this guy
so some updates videos I'm going to be
doing
still have yet to do the way bed
hey
get to do the
video traffic right on cue
and slowing down so people don't run
into me
you
I can get some footage
sometimes I like to even enough
only two lane road
I could use it weave in and out whether
easier
another reason why people are like why
she got a little bit of better on
traveling traffic
but
kind of hard to do with is only two
lanes of traffic ass
yes but it's me
Anna this is not this is not California
Dorgan
so can go straight down the middle what
you see is very opening
it makes me
but there is no way I am getting caught
by cops
or someone gets angry and
it will be over
so yeah so much ham video
it's not the same can't
set up that I've had before I haven't
been using that for a while now
what date
I'm going to be going to Montana next
weekend
next weekend
I don't think I can visit us are homo
I'm really sorry to be sorry i'm going
to billing so it's think that's what we
wish i could but again we have to keep
it local to where i'm at because we're
trying to save money and slowing down
spot rocks my socks off love it love it
next year I'm going to be putting in
some money for getting a new muffler
really looking at a Yoshi of course but
outside of my pay range right now pay
range like
budget yeah
Oh
I just I like to go play right now it's
not enough
and there been some people
bet against fire
I love traffic college yes
it loves me and I
people give me some good footage
I gotta get through this
I'm gonna get through this
well